---
layout: post
title: "Introduction"
subtitle: "What is this blog all about"
date: 2023-08-01 9:20:10 -0400
background: '/img/hh2.jpg'
author: Maria Riegel
---

> ganmapper is still not an technology!
>
> and it is obviously not groundbreaking -> compared to maybe other use cases
>
> citation missing Ian Goodfellow what? -> & and just him?
>
> no it really does not open up completely new possibilities as described in the basic ganmapper paper
>
> no the motivation for ganmapper was more on the geographical or spatial application of gan

The rapid development of artificial intelligence has led to numerous groundbreaking advances in recent years. One of these innovations is the so-called GANmapper technology, which makes it possible to generate realistic and high-resolution images. This technology is based on the concept of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), which were introduced by Ian Goodfellow in 2014. However, GANmapper goes one step further and opens up completely new possibilities in image generation.
The motivation behind the development of GANmapper lies in the constant search for ever better and more realistic artificial images. In the past, many generated images were often easily recognisable as artificial and had irregularities. GANmapper aims to solve this problem by generating high-resolution images that are almost indistinguishable from real photographs. This opens up a wide range of possible applications in areas such as the film industry, video game development, medicine and many others.

The development of GANmapper is part of a larger trend in artificial intelligence, where increasingly realistic and high-quality results are sought. Generative Adversarial Networks have already shown that they are capable of producing impressive results by having two neural networks compete with each other: the generator and the discriminator. The generator tries to produce images that are indistinguishable from real images, while the discriminator tries to distinguish between real and generated images. Through this competition, both networks are constantly learning and improving their capabilities.

> really a new special mapping function -> that is new for me -> please compare it to the ganmapper or methods blog post

GANmapper goes beyond traditional GANs by introducing a special mapping function. This function makes it possible to specifically manipulate and control the latent space in which the generated images are produced. This allows certain features or characteristics in the generated images to be enhanced or changed. This opens up completely new creative possibilities and allows users to realise their visions and ideas even more precisely.

> no not the application of ganmapper, GANmapper is only a model to generate building footprints (or later something else on maps) and is strictly related to geographical datas. therefore it's impossible to use it to generate realistic models of organs for example. Are you talking about GANs in general ? 

The areas of application for GANmapper are diverse. In the film industry, the technology can be used to create realistic backdrops and special effects that immerse the viewer in another world. In video game development, developers can create high-quality graphics and animations that take the gaming experience to a new level. 
But GANmapper is not only used in the entertainment industry. The technology can also make a big contribution in medicine. For example, doctors can use GANmapper to generate realistic 3D models of organs to help them diagnose and treat diseases. These models can provide detailed information about the anatomy and condition of the organ, contributing to more precise and effective medical care.

Furthermore, GANmapper also has an impact on artistic design. Artists and designers can use the technology to realise their creative ideas and create unique works of art. The boundaries between reality and fiction are becoming increasingly blurred, and the possibilities for generating images are becoming more and more impressive.
However, it is important to note that GANmapper also raises ethical issues. The ability to generate highly realistic images can also be abused to create fake or manipulated content. This is a challenge that society must address to ensure the responsible use of this technology.

Overall, GANmapper is a fascinating technology that pushes the boundaries of image generation and opens up new creative possibilities. With its ability to generate high-resolution and realistic images, it has the potential to revolutionise numerous industries and surpass our imagination.
This article deals with the GANmapper by Abraham Wu and Filip Biljecki for geographical data translation. It examines whether the authors' GANmapper is also suitable for other input data and what results are achieved with it. 

> you are missing to really lead to our research question.
>
> Maybe you could do an introduction about artificial intelligence in general then talk about GAN (without explaining in details what it is since i did it already) and lead to our research question
